h1. OCCI to Ecore Bridge

h2. Conversion steps

h3. OCCI to Ecore

Here are the different steps of the conversion:
* ConvertInfrastructure: converts Infrastructure.xmi extension into an Ecore metamodel extending OCCI.ecore
* ConvertDocker: converts Docker.xmi extension into an Ecore metamodel extending OCCI.ecore & Infrastructure.ecore
* ConvertDockerConfiguration: converts Docker configurations into configuration using Docker metamodel instead of OCCI.ecore kinds
The OCCI2Ecore class launches the whole conversion.

The generated ecore may differ from the previous version, but those changes are not relevant. To get rid of them reload the model from the genmodel, EMF will update the ecore.
The build.xml file does the reload & generates model / edit code.
After that there might be some errors to correct, as missing casts in OCL-generated code. Also some paths in comments may change but it is not relevant.

h3. Ecore to OCCI

This is a prototype utility to revert conversion of previously converted configurations.

h2. Mapping 

The following section lists the mappings between OCCI and Ecore concepts that are used by the OCCI2Ecore conversion.
The section shows the detailed mapping between the OCCI concept and its match in Ecore.

If for a mapping a specific process is necessary, it is mentioned in the "notes" column. 

h3. Extension to EPackage

| OCCI | Ecore | notes |
| name | name | format |
| name | nsPrefix | format |
| scheme | nsURI | format |
| import | | unused |
| kinds | eClassifiers | loop call of "Kind to EClass" |
| mixins | eClassifiers | loop call of "Mixin to EClass" |
| types | eClassifiers | deep copy of EDataTypes (concept shared by OCCI and Ecore) |

h3. Kind to EClass

| OCCI | Ecore | notes |
| term | name | format |
| scheme | | unused |
| title | | unused |
| attributes | eAttributes | loop call of "Attribute to EAttribute" |
| actions | eOperations | loop call of "Action to EOperation" |
| parent | eSupertype | resolve using lookup in registered EPackages |

h3. Mixin to EClass

Not implemented yet.

h3. Attribute to EAttribute

| OCCI | Ecore | notes |
| name | name | format |
| mutable | | unused |
| required = true | lowerBound = 1 | |
| default | defaultValue | |
| description | | unused |
| type | type | resolve using lookup in registered EPackages |

h3. Action to EOperation

| OCCI | Ecore | notes |
| term | name | format |
| scheme | | unused |
| title | | unused |
| attributes | eParameters | loop call of "Attribute to EParameter" |

h3. Attribute to EParameter

Each attribute of an action is converted to an EParameter, using the following mapping rules:

| OCCI | Ecore | notes |
| name | name | format |
| mutable | | unused |
| required = true | lowerBound = 1 | |
| default | | unused |
| description | | unused |
| type | type | resolve using lookup in registered EPackages |
